in academia mentor that I had had a great impact on me was the actual
Paul is seen at cal tech I when I first went to work for Caltech Paul
Hart heard me until the director at the supercomputing center there
and just watching him was he a great great lesson for me I he was
a man of invariable courtesy he did not talk much he kept his own counsel
and he was always very gracious he was very old school he was
born in Sicily I grew up in Panama but was educated United States in
mathematics I learned a lot from him and I think if you get a mentor
I hope it's a mentor that you can watch it action because you can
learn more from the way they behave than what they tell you